BoBoy!
Oh, killing me softly
and I'm still falling
Still the one I need,
I will always be with you
Oh, you got me all gone,
don't ever let me go
Say it real loud if you fly
If you leave me
you're out of your mind
My baby is a 10
We dressing through the 9
He pick me up with 8
Make me feel so lucky 7
He kiss me in his 6
We be making love in 5
Still the one I do this 4
I'm trying to make us 3
From that 2
He still the 1
There's ups and downs
in this love
Got a lot to learn
and it's love
Through the good and the bad,
still got love
Dedicated to the
one of love, hey
Still love the way he talk,
still love the way I sing
Still love the way he rock
them black diamonds
in that chain
Still all up on each other,
ain't a damn thing change
My girls can't tell me nothing,
I'm gone in the brain
I'm all up under him
like it's cold, winter time
All up in the kitchen
in my heels, dinner time
Do whatever that it takes,
he got a winner's mind
Give it all to him,
meet him at the finish line
Me and my boo in
my boo coupe riding
All up in that black with his
chick right beside him
Ladies, if you love your man
show him you the fliest
Grind up on it, girl, show him
how you ride it
Me and my boo in my
boo coupe riding
All up in that black with his
chick right beside him
Ladies, if you love your man
show him you the fliest
Grind up on it, girl,
show him how you ride it
Oh, killing me softly
and I'm still falling
Still the one I need,
I will always be with you
Oh, you got me all gone,
don't ever let me go
Say it real loud if you fly
If you leave me you're out of
your mind
My baby is a 10
We dressing through the 9
He pick me up with 8
Make me feel so lucky 7
He kiss me in his 6
We be making love in 5
Still the one I do this 4
I'm trying to make us 3
From that 2 He still the 1
Yup, I put it on him,
it ain't nothing that I can't do
Yup, I buy my own, if he deserve
it, buy his ---- too
All up in the store, shorty,
tricking if I want to
All up in the store, shorty, fly
as we want to
Ooh ooh ooh ooh
Damn I think I love that boy
Do anything for that boy
Ooh ooh ooh ooh
Now I'll never be the same You
and me until the end
Me and my boo in my boo
coupe riding
All up in that black
with his chick right beside him
Ladies, if you love your man
show him you the fliest
Grind up on it, girl,
show him how you ride it
Me and my boo and
my boo lip locking
All up in the back because the
chicks keep blocking
All that gossip
in 10 years stopping
London speed it up,
Houston rock it
Oh, killing me softly
and I'm still falling
Still the one I need,
I will always be with you
Oh, you got me all gone,
don't ever let me go
Say it real loud if you proud
If you leave me you're out of
your mind
My baby is a 10
We dressing through the 9
He pick me up with 8
Make me feel so lucky 7
He kiss me in his 6
We be making love in 5
Still the one I do this 4
I'm trying to make us 3
From that 2 He still the 1